docs: ui.text_field (#802)
deephaven/deephaven-plugins: plugins/ui/docs/components/text_field.md

# Text Field

Text fields are single-line text inputs, ideal for cases where users have a smaller amount of text to enter.

## Example

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_text_field_basic = ui.text_field(
    label="Description", on_change=lambda value: print(f"Text changed to {value}")
)
```

## UI Recommendations

Recommendations for creating text fields:

1. Every text field should have a [label](#labeling) specified. Without one, the text field is ambiguous. In the rare case that context is sufficient, the label is unnecessary; you must still include an aria-label via the `aria_label` prop.
2. Text field labels and help text should follow sentence casing.

> 3. A text field should not use `is_quiet` styling if it has a fixed height, given that the field underline may be too far from the text to be considered part of the component.

Reviewer: I am not sure what the field underline is; however, if the typical user knows, you might not need an explanation.

4. Use help text to provide instructions on input format, content, and requirements; the help text should not restate the same information as the label, or prompt a user to interact with the text field.
5. Dynamically switch between help text and error messages based on input, ensuring both convey essential input requirements.

Consider using [`text_area`](./text_area.md) for cases where multiline input is required.

## Value

> A text field's value is empty by default, but an initial, uncontrolled, value can be set using the `default_value` prop, or, a controlled value can be set via the `value` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A text field's value is empty by default, but the `default_value` prop can set an initial, uncontrolled value, or a controlled value can be set via the `value` prop.
```

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_text_field_value_examples():
    value, set_value = ui.use_state("sample_account@email.com")
    return [
        ui.text_field(
            label="Email (Uncontrolled)", default_value="sample_account@email.com"
        ),
        ui.text_field(label="Email (controlled)", value=value, on_change=set_value),
    ]

my_text_field_value_examples = ui_text_field_value_examples()
```

## HTML Forms

Text field's can support a `name` prop for integration with HTML forms, allowing for easy identification of a value on form submission.

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_text_field_name_example = ui.form(
    ui.text_field(label="Email", name="email", type="email")
)
```

## Labeling

To provide a visual label for the text field, use the `label` prop. To indicate that the text area is mandatory, use the `is_required` prop.

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_text_field_is_required_examples():
    return [
        ui.text_field(label="Address"),
        ui.text_field(label="Address", is_required=True),
    ]

my_text_field_is_required_example = ui_text_field_is_required_examples()
```

> By setting `is_required` to True, the `necessity_indicator` is set to "icon" by default, but this can be changed. Also, the `necessity_indicator` can be used indepdendently to indicate that the text field is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By setting `is_required` to True, the `necessity_indicator` is set to "icon" by default, but this can be changed. The `necessity_indicator` can also be used independently to indicate that the text field is optional.
```

# Text Field

> Text fields are single-line text inputs, ideal for cases where users have a smaller amount of text to enter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Text fields are single-line text inputs, ideal for cases where users have a small amount of text to enter.
```

2. Text field labels and help text should follow sentence casing.
3. Use help text to provide instructions on input format, content, and requirements; the help text should not restate the same information as the label, or prompt a user to interact with the text field.
4. Dynamically switch between help text and error messages based on input, ensuring both convey essential input requirements.

Use [`text_area`](./text_area.md) for cases where multiline input is required.

## Value

A text field's value is empty by default, but the `default_value` prop can set an initial, uncontrolled value, or a controlled value can be set via the `value` prop.

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_text_field_value_examples():
    value, set_value = ui.use_state("Aardvark")
    return [
        ui.text_field(label="Favorite animal (Uncontrolled)", default_value="Aardvark"),
        ui.text_field(
            label="Favorite animal (controlled)", value=value, on_change=set_value
        ),
    ]

my_text_field_value_examples = ui_text_field_value_examples()
```

## HTML Forms

> Text field's can support a `name` prop for integration with HTML forms, allowing for easy identification of a value on form submission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Text fields can support a `name` prop for integration with HTML forms, allowing for easy identification of a value on form submission.
```

When the `necessity_indicator` prop is set to "label", a localized string will be generated for "(required)" or "(optional)" automatically.

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_text_field_necessity_indicator_examples():
    return [
        ui.text_field(label="Address", is_required=True, necessity_indicator="label"),
        ui.text_field(label="Address", necessity_indicator="label"),
    ]

my_text_field_necessity_indicator_examples = (
    ui_text_field_necessity_indicator_examples()
)
```

## Events

The `on_change` property is triggered whenever the value in the text field is edited.

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_text_field_on_change_example():
    value, set_value = ui.use_state("")
    return [
        ui.text_field(label="Your text", value=value, on_change=set_value),
        ui.text(f"Text has been changed to: {value}"),
    ]

my_text_field_on_change_example = ui_text_field_on_change_example()
```

## Input Types

> The `type` prop can be used to change the type of text field to render to suit different input requirements. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `type` prop changes the type of text field that is rendered to suit different input requirements. 
```
